11 - The Shawshank Redemption - Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency. - Drama
3 - The Godfather - The Godfather follows Vito Corleone Don of the Corleone family as he passes the mantel to his son Michael. - Crime
23 - The Dark Knight - When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice. - Action
8 - 12 Angry Men - The jury in a New York City murder trial is frustrated by a single member whose skeptical caution forces them to more carefully consider the evidence before jumping to a hasty verdict. - Crime
91 - The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King - Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring. - Adventure
54 - Schindler's List - In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis. - Biography
82 - Pulp Fiction - The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption. - Drama
42 - The Matrix - When a beautiful stranger leads computer hacker Neo to a forbidding underworld, he discovers the shocking truth--the life he knows is the elaborate deception of an evil cyber-intelligence. - Sci-Fi
19 - Goodfellas - The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate. - Biography
77 - Gisaengchung - Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan. - Thriller
30 - Cidade de Deus - In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin. - Drama
13 - Saving Private Ryan - Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. - War
71 - La vita è bella - When an open-minded Jewish waiter and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp. - Romance
64 - Shichinin no samurai - A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves. - Action
1 - Whiplash - A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential. - Music
98 - Gladiator - A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery. - Adventure
55 - Back to the Future - Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown. - Sci-Fi
34 - Casablanca - A cynical expatriate American cafe owner struggles to decide whether or not to help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape the Nazis in French Morocco. - War
94 - Joker - In Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him face-to-face with his alter-ego: the Joker. - Drama
58 - Django Unchained - With the help of a German bounty-hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal plantation-owner in Mississippi. - Western
5 - Hamilton - The real life of one of America's foremost founding fathers and first Secretary of the Treasury, Alexander Hamilton. Captured live on Broadway from the Richard Rodgers Theater with the original Broadway cast. - History12
101 - movie - description - genre
